fix outdated validatingwebhook documentation (#12289)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/common-problems/validation/index.md

## Invalid configuration is accepted

> Verify the `istio-validator` `validationwebhookconfiguration` exists and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify the `validatingwebhookconfiguration` exists and
```

> `<revision>-`, if not the default revision, followed by the istio namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<revision>-`, if not the default revision, followed by the Istio system namespace
```

> Verify the `istio-validator` `validationwebhookconfiguration` exists and
> is correct. Please note that the name of `validationwebhookconfiguration` will be
> `istio-validator-` suffixed by your revision and Istio namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that a `validatingwebhookconfiguration` named `istio-validator-` followed by
`<revision>-`, if not the default revision, followed by the istio namespace
(e.g., `istio-validator-myrev-istio-system`) exists and is correct.
```

    - '*'
    scope: '*'
  sideEffects: None
  timeoutSeconds: 10
{{< /text >}}

> If the webhook array in `istio-validation` is empty, verify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the webhook array in `istio-validator-` is empty, verify
```

    - '*'
    scope: '*'
  sideEffects: None
  timeoutSeconds: 10
{{< /text >}}

> If the webhook array in `istio-validator-` is empty, verify
> the `global.configValidation` installation options are
> set.

Reviewer: Actually, it looks to me like the webhook isn't applied at all if global.configValidation is not set.

```suggestion
If the `istio-validator-` webhook does not exist, verify
the `global.configValidation` installation option is
set to `true`.
```
